---
title: "Securing grant funding"
categories:
 - posts
tags:
  - offer
header:
  image: /assets/images/grant-offer-header.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
last_modified_at: 2024-08-23T18:30:00-02:00
seo_title: "Jak użyć sztucznej inteligencji we wniosku grantowym NCBIR."
excerpt: "Use AI in your grant application to boost your chances of success!"
---

## Helping You Secure Grant Funding for Your Projects

Navigating the complexities of grant applications can be challenging, but with expert guidance, you can increase your chances of success. I specialize in assisting with grant applications, particularly for Polish NCBIR and NCN grants, but I am also knowledgeable about other funding sources. My goal is to help you secure the funding you need to bring your innovative projects to life.

## What I Offer

- **Grant Application Expertise:** Leverage my familiarity with the Polish NCBIR and NCN grant application processes to craft compelling proposals that meet all requirements.
- **Comprehensive Support:** Receive end-to-end support, from identifying suitable funding opportunities to drafting and submitting your application.
- **Tailored Strategies:** Develop customized strategies to highlight the unique strengths and potential impact of your project, increasing its appeal to funding bodies.
- **Review and Feedback:** Benefit from thorough reviews and constructive feedback to refine your application and enhance its chances of success.

## Why Seek Grant Application Assistance?

Securing grant funding can provide numerous advantages for your projects

- **Financial Support:** Obtain the necessary funds to advance your research, development, or innovation projects.
- **Credibility:** Enhance your project’s credibility and visibility by securing competitive grants.
- **Resource Optimization:** Save time and resources by leveraging expert knowledge and experience in the grant application process.
- **Increased Success Rate:** Improve your chances of success with well-crafted, high-quality applications that stand out to reviewers.

With a proven track record of securing significant grants, including a 100,000 PLN grant from the Polish National Science Centre, and experience consulting on grant applications for various institutions, I am dedicated to helping you achieve your funding goals. Let’s work together to turn your innovative ideas into reality. Feel free to reach out anytime!